# 2020-shooter-research
A simple Java program designed to parse CSV files generated by the Smart Dashboard into a SQLite database.

This program takes one or more CSV data files stored in the
data/csv directory and parses them into a SQLite Database
before moving them into the data/csv/processed directory.

The point of this program is to assist in analyzing data for
FRC Team 868's prototype ball shooter, being built for the
2020 FRC Season. Anyone not part of this project is not
likely to find this program useful.

For members of FRC 868 who are looking to use this program,
follow these instructions:

1. Run a trial of the shooter prototype, with the Smart Dashboard
   configured to output data to a CSV file. Make sure to keep the
   fields on the Smart Dashboard to a minimum. Ideally, only the 
   shooter motor speeds (i.e. encoder counts) and possible current
   PID gains should be output to the Smart Dashboard.

2. When your trial is done, copy the CSV file generated by the
   Smart Dashboard to the data/csv directory of this project.

3. Run this program. It may take a minute or so to finish,
   depending on how much data you collected in your trial.

4. Once the program has finished running, navigate to the
   data/sqlite directory, and run sqlite3 Shooter.db in a
   terminal/command prompt.

5. You can now write SQL statements to view/process the data
   from your trial run however you like. Alternatively, you
   may want to try a graphical tool such as SQLite Database
   browser if you are not comfortable working directly in
   SQL.

This program has been tested successfully on Windows and
Linux. If you have any questions or are having trouble
running it correctly, contact the author.